README.md, before:

## Ionic 4 Forms

### Complete Tutorial in: https://ionicthemes.com/tutorials/about/forms-and-validation-in-ionic

**Please support this project by simply putting a Github star ⭐**

This repo is part of an Ionic 4 tutorial where you will learn everything about Ionic forms and input validations in Ionic 4 apps.

We will discuss the best practices for designing user-friendly forms with ionic 4. Then we will go through the differences between Angular template driven and reactive forms.

For this ionic tutorial we created a mobile app example with lots of forms and validations to help you master data collection using angular reactive forms and also some techniques to excel the user experience.

We will explain you the core concepts of: FormControl, FormGroup, FormBuilder and Validators and show you examples so you can learn to use them properly.

We want this to be the best ionic 4 forms tutorial, so we created advanced custom validators to show you how to validate passwords, phone numbers and unique usernames.

Learn more in https://ionicthemes.com/tutorials/about/forms-and-validation-in-ionic

Commit message:

refactor, upload to firebase for demo purposes

README.md, after:

## Ionic 4 Forms

## Read the complete tutorial
This repo is part of an Ionic 4 tutorial where you will learn everything about Ionic forms and input validations in Ionic 4 apps. You can read it in https://ionicthemes.com/tutorials/about/forms-and-validation-in-ionic

**Please support this project by simply putting a Github star ⭐**

## Demo
Try the demo in https://ionic4-forms-tutorial.firebaseapp.com

## Run this ionic project
Run `npm install` to install the project dependencies
Run `ionic serve` to start a dev server

## About the ionic 4 forms tutorial
We will discuss the best practices for designing user-friendly forms with ionic 4. Then we will go through the differences between Angular template driven and reactive forms.

For this ionic tutorial we created a mobile app example with lots of forms and validations to help you master data collection using angular reactive forms and also some techniques to excel the user experience.

We will explain you the core concepts of: FormControl, FormGroup, FormBuilder and Validators and show you examples so you can learn to use them properly.

We want this to be the best ionic 4 forms tutorial, so we created advanced custom validators to show you how to validate passwords, phone numbers and unique usernames.

Learn more in https://ionicthemes.com/tutorials/about/forms-and-validation-in-ionic
